Smooth Spruce Pony

medium

# Lack of Protection Against Replay Attacks in PartialFillLib Contract Causing Repeated Messages

## Summary
The provided Solidity contract and library lack mechanisms to prevent repeated messages or transactions. Without such protections, the contract may be vulnerable to unintended behaviour or exploitation due to duplicate actions.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `PartialFillLib `contract facilitates the handling of Gladius orders, including partitioning order amounts for partial fills, validating partitions and thresholds, and hashing Gladius orders for signature verification. However, it does not include explicit logic to prevent replay attacks. Without such protection, an attacker could potentially repeat valid messages, leading to unintended consequences or duplication of actions.
```solidity
// Code snippet demonstrating lack of protection against replay attacks

/// @notice hash the given order
/// @param order the order to hash
/// @return the eip-712 order hash
function hash(GladiusOrder memory order) internal pure returns (bytes32) {
    return
        keccak256(
            abi.encode(
                ORDER_TYPE_HASH,
                order.info.hash(),
                order.decayStartTime,
                order.decayEndTime,
                order.exclusiveFiller,
                order.exclusivityOverrideBps,
                order.input.token,
                order.input.startAmount,
                order.input.endAmount,
                order.outputs.hash(),
                order.fillThreshold
            )
        );
}
```
The hash function simply concatenates various parameters of the `GladiusOrder` struct and hashes them. However, it does not include any additional data such as a nonce or a unique identifier that would ensure the uniqueness of each message hash.
Without a nonce or unique identifier, an attacker could capture a valid message and its corresponding hash. They could then replay this message and its hash at a later time, tricking the contract into believing it is a legitimate message. Since there's no mechanism to distinguish between different invocations of the same message, the contract would accept the replayed message as valid.
## Impact
The lack of protection against replay attacks in the `PartialFillLib `contract could lead to unauthorized parties repeating valid messages, resulting in potential financial losses, incorrect order execution, or disruption of the intended functionality.


## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rubicon-finance/blob/main/gladius-contracts-internal/src/lib/PartialFillLib.sol#L144-L165
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include a unique nonce or timestamp in each signed message, the contract can verify the freshness and uniqueness of each message, thereby preventing replay attacks. 