Dapper Iron Fox

medium

# Contract upgrades may cause DoS due to `MAX_FEE` constraint

## Summary

The `GladiusReactor` and `RubiconFeeController` are two separate contracts capable of independent upgrades. The admin of the `RubiconFeeController` has the authority to adjust fees, subject to the condition that they do not exceed the `MAX_FEE` threshold specified in the `GladiusReactor`. However, due to the possibility of independent upgrades to each contract, this limitation might not be enforced following such updates. This discrepancy could result in a DoS during the execution of trades, specifically within the `_injectFees` function.

## Vulnerability Detail


The `RubiconFeeController` contract manages two types of fees: pair-wise dynamic fees and a global base fee, both of which are determined by the `RubiconFeeController` admin and must not exceed the `MAX_FEE` limit defined by `gladiusReactor.MAX_FEE()`. `GladiusReactor`, on its part, applies fees based on the outputs from `RubiconFeeController`, and will revert transactions if the fees exceed the `MAX_FEE` restriction. At first glance, this setup may appear to work seamlessly. However, considering that both contracts are upgradeable, the constraints between the two contracts could diverge following an upgrade. This divergence could lead to a DoS during the fee injection phase of trading operations.

## Impact

Following a contract upgrade, the fees set in `RubiconFeeController` might exceed `GladiusReactor`'s `MAX_FEE` threshold, potentially causing a DoS for trade operations.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rubicon-finance/blob/main/gladius-contracts-internal/src/fee-controllers/RubiconFeeController.sol#L120-L136
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rubicon-finance/blob/main/gladius-contracts-internal/src/base/ProtocolFees.sol#L90

ProtocolFees.sol
```solidity
>           if (feeOutput.amount > tokenValue.mulDivDown(MAX_FEE, DENOM)) {
                revert FeeTooLarge(
                    feeOutput.token,
                    feeOutput.amount,
                    feeOutput.recipient
                );
            }
```

RubiconFeeController.sol
```solidity
    function setPairBasedFee(
        address tokenIn,
        address tokenOut,
        uint256 fee,
        bool applyFee
    ) external auth {
>   if (fee > gladiusReactor.MAX_FEE())
        revert InvalidFee();
        bytes32 pairHash = getPairHash(tokenIn, tokenOut);
        fees[pairHash] = PairBasedFee({applyFee: applyFee, fee: fee});
    }

    function setBaseFee(uint256 bFee) external auth {
>   if (bFee == 0 || bFee > gladiusReactor.MAX_FEE())
        revert InvalidFee();
    baseFee = bFee;
    }
```

## Tool used

VSCode

## Recommendation

Rather than reverting when fees exceed the allowable limit, it's advised to collect only up to the protocol's `MAX_FEE` as fees and to emit an event. This event can then be detected by a monitoring system.