Damp Pink Grasshopper

medium

# Vulnerabilities in gas consumption and native token handling in internal `_fill` function.

## Summary

The code is vulnerable to run out of gas for execution due to a nested for-loop in the `_fill` function and the complex computation, which may lead to excessive gas consumption and transaction failures. Additionally, there is a concern regarding the recipient's ability to receive native tokens, which also revert the transaction.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. **DoS Attack via Nested For-Loop**
The nested for-loop in the `_fill` function can result in a vulnerability. The code iterates over each resolved order and, for each order, iterates over its output tokens to transfer ERC20 tokens. If the number of output tokens or the complexity of the transfer operation is high, it may lead to gas exhaustion, causing transaction failures. It is more likely to occur in `executeBatch` operation.
2. **Missing Receive/Fallback Function in Recipient**
    
    If the recipient is a contract and does not implement the receive or fallback function, the transfer of native token will fail, leading to the revert of all the execution.
    

## Impact

An user might not be able to fill the order due to the nested for-loop that cause excessive gas consumption or the lack of receive function and fallback function in native token transfer. 

It will occurs in execute, executeWithCallback, executeBatch and executeBatchWithCallback.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rubicon-finance/blob/main/gladius-contracts-internal/src/reactors/BaseGladiusReactor.sol#L233

## Tool used

Manual Review


## Recommendation

Restructure the code to optimize gas consumption, consider batch processing, or implement gas limits to prevent potential vulnerability. This will help ensure the reliability and security of the contract under varying gas conditions.