Magnificent Aquamarine Gazelle

high

# Partition rounds up which can cause orders to be unfillable because of revert

## Summary
Partition rounds up which can cause orders to be unfillable because of revert
## Vulnerability Detail
Partition function returns parts of input and output amounts to execute. This is how partial fill works in rubicon. The problem arises when we try to calculate `outPart` ,and both `quantity` and  `input.amount` are equal. 
```solidity
        uint256 outPart = quantity.mulDivUp(output[0].amount, input.amount);
```
Above we see how `outPart` is calculated, the problem is that we use `mulDivUp` this rounds up the result. This is a big problem because now `outPart` is now larger than `output[0].amount`. The reason why this is a problem is because when we try to call `_validatePartition`, we will revert.
```solidity
        if (_quantity > _initIn || _outPart > _initOut)
            revert PartialFillOverflow();
```
Above is a snippet from the function `_validatePartition`, in which we see the revert. In the function as i have explained above, ` _outPart` will be larger than `_initOut` and will cause the revert.

## Impact
Why is this a problem?

1. certain order configurations will never be able to be filled, when they otherwise should. 
2. certain decayed input will not be able to be filled, forcing fillers to wait for input to decay further. This is a loss of funds for the user, if the filler wants to fill but cannot because of this bug, he must then wait for more decay in order to fill the order. In some scenarios, this bug is forcing fillers to fill at lower rates because of this bug.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rubicon-finance/blob/11cac67919e8a1303b3a3177291b88c0c70bf03b/gladius-contracts-internal/src/lib/PartialFillLib.sol#L85
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
use mulDivDown instead 
